Hello and welcome to Policy X.  We are
insurance experts who give you
only honest advice.  That too without any
spam or gimmicks.  Today we have
brought to you a comparison of two best policies.
These are both policies.  On one side is Star
Health Ashor and on the other side is ICICI LBAT's
Elevate Plan.  Today we
will tell you the comparison between them.  Before comparison, keep in mind that if you
want to buy a health or term insurance policy, you
can click on the link given in the description box.  Let us now
start comparing both these policies.
On the left side is the
table of ICICI LB Elevate and on the other side is the
table of Star Health Ashor.  There is
no room rent limit on ICICI LB Elevate and
any room other than a suite is available on the Star Health Ashore plan.
Now which plan
is suitable for whom?  ICICI LBD Elevate This plan
is a good option for those who want
comprehensive health insurance coverage at a cost-effective price.
It is much more affordable
compared to other similar products in the market.  On the
other
hand, Star Health Assure – This Star Health
Insurance plan covers multiple treatments and
other expenses.  This
plan covers maternity and infertility
treatment expenses as well as the
cost of consumable items.
Apart from hospitalization expenses, when it
comes to pricing, both ICICI LMB Elevate
and Star health insurance plans are
quite reasonably priced compared to other products in the market.  This means that you will
not have to spend much in both the plans.
ICICI LBT Elwait has the option to
reduce the PED waiting period from two to one year
and the specific disease waiting
period to one year.
Pregnancy will be covered in ICSC Almart Elevate.  Outpatient
department costs will be covered.  Such as
medications, tests, consultations extra,
cost of consumables such as gloves,
oxygen masks, nebulization, kits
extra, bariatric surgery for weight loss are also
covered.  Super No Claim Bonus, if
chosen, will be applicable irrespective of any claims.
Pregnancy is also covered in Star Health Ashor.  Non-
medical expenses and the cost of
consumables such as gloves, oxygen masks,
nebulization kits, expenses related to
infertility treatments will be covered.  Now
what is not covered in both the plants
?  In case of ICSC along with Elevate, Injuries
and Diseases due to War, Invasion of
Foreign Enemy and Warlike Operations, Injuries/Illnesses
due to Nuclear, Chemical and
Biological Attacks and Weapons, Expenses for
Prosthetics, Correction Devices, External
Durable Medical Equipment such as
Wheelchairs or Crutches, Sleep Apnea
Treatments, Instruments and Costal
Implants unless required due to an
Accident and during Surgery, Treatment
Procedures and Services for Diseases
and Conditions Related to Natural Teeth and
Gums except if required while
Hospitalized due to an Accident, whereas
in Star Health Insurance, Circumcision,
Treatment of Pre-Acute Delirium (SMEGMA) other than Accident, Extra External
Birth Diseases, Defects or Anomalies
related to Convalescence, General
Debility, Rundown Conditions, Nutritional
Deficiency States, Intentional Self
Treatments related to inflicted surgery are
not covered.
Two extra special conditions will also be covered in both the plants.  For example,
post-hospitalization
expenses like physiotherapy are covered
if it is medically necessary
and if prescribed by the doctor, other conditions like
any day care procedures that
require specialized observation or care after the procedure are
covered.  On the other hand, Star
Health Assure has two conditions that are covered.  For
example, under organ donor cover, the
treatment expenses of complications arising during the donor's surgery are
covered.  Under organ donor cover,
additional cover is available over and above the sum insured.
Also know about both the companies.
ICICI was started in 2001.  Whose
turnover
is Rs 21435.42 crore.  Number of policies issued is
3D617981.  The number of claims settled is
2893157.  On the other hand, Star Health Insurance was
started in 2006.  Its turnover is Rs 16
crore 599.48 crore.  The number of policies
issued by them is
837838 and the number of claims passed by them is
212282.
ICICI LBAT company has
settled 99.78% claims in 30 days and Star Health
Insurance has settled
98.86%.  Now this was the complete gist of both the plans
and their comparison.  Now
you can decide which plan you want to take.
Till then bye-bye and take care.